1. What is the relationship between def statements and lambda expressions ?

def statements can take more than one line and is used for more complex programs and logic.
lamda is one line function and is used for time saving. It is one liner code and is used for simple and one line logic.


2. What is the benefit of lambda?

lamda is used for time saving and if the logic is not more complex.
In def multiliner program is used so if we need sum , minus kind of one liner logic then lamda is good option.


3. Compare and contrast map, filter, and reduce.
The basic function of map() is to manipulate iterables. Map executes all the conditions of a function on the items in the iterable.

filter() is used to filter the iterables as per the conditions. Filter filters the original iterable and passes the
items that returns True for the function provided to filter. Therefore only the items in the iterables can be expected to be seen in the output. 

If you already have list of values, but you want to use the values in that list to create something completely new, in these type of situations 
it is better to use the reduce method


4. What are function annotations, and how are they used?
Function annotations are arbitrary python expressions that are associated with various part of functions.
These expressions are evaluated at compile time and have no life in python’s runtime environment.
Python does not attach any meaning to these annotations. They take life when interpreted by third party libraries, for example, mypy.



5.What are recursive functions, and how are they used?
In Python, we know that a function can call other functions. It is even possible for the function to call itself.
These types of construct are termed as recursive functions.

def factorial(x):
    if x == 1:
        return 1
    else:
        return (x * factorial(x-1))

num = 3
print(factorial(num))


6. What are some general design guidelines for coding functions?

Its name must be unique and its name must be related to its program so that we can easily find it.
Lengthy functions are very difficult to understand. That’s why functions should be small enough to
carry out small work and lengthy functions should be broken into small ones for completing small tasks
All functions that encountering an error condition should either return a 0 or 1 for simplifying the debugging.
There must be a space after giving a comma between two function arguments.

7. Name three or more ways that functions can communicate results to a caller.
First is built in function
Second is user defined function using def keyword
Third is lambda function which is one liner function




