1. Why are functions advantageous to have in your programs?
Main advantage of function is we dont need to run whole program every time as we fan run functions how many times we want once we run the whole program.
We dont need to write the logic and code againg and again if we use function.

2. When does the code in a function run: when it's specified or when it's called?
The function run when it is called.

3. What statement creates a function?
def function_name():

4. What is the difference between a function and a function call?
function comes under a block which have some logics,codes etc for specific operation and what we return in function.
function call means we want some specific output for the parameters of the function.

5. How many global scopes are there in a Python program? How many local scopes?
There is only one global scope and local scope is created as the function called.

6. What happens to variables in a local scope when the function call returns?
When the function returns, the local scope is destroyed and all the veriables in it are removed.That means it runs in its block only.

7. What is the concept of a return value? Is it possible to have a return value in an expression?
In a function when a programmer wants to evaluates the function call, a return value can be used as part of an expression.

8. If a function does not have a return statement, what is the return value of a call to that function?
If a function does not have a return statement, then the return value of a cakk to function is none.

9. How do you make a function variable refer to the global variable?
A gloal variable in a function to refer to global variable.


10. What is the data type of None?
The data type of None is NoneType.

11. What does the sentence import areallyourpetsnamederic do?
import areallyourpetsnamederic will import areallyourpetsnamederic named module.


12. If you had a bacon() feature in a spam module, what would you call it after importing spam?
spam.bacon()

13. What can you do to save a programme from crashing if it encounters an error?
We can use our program in try and except clause to save a programme from crashing if it encounters an error.

14. What is the purpose of the try clause? What is the purpose of the except clause?
If we have some doubts that the program may crash while execution insted the syntax and logics are without error we can use try clause.
And to run our program without any error it will run in except clause.






